中英文化
U2
1.The top-bottom clothes probably appeared in China earlier than the one-piece clothes. T
2.The people in the Xia, Shang and Zhou dynasties regarded clothes as a symbol of social status. T
3.Hufu was advocated by King Wuling of Zhao to improve the combat effectiveness of the troops. T
4.Hanfu appeared in the Han Dynasty, evolving from mianfu. F
5.During the Wei, Jin, and Northern and Southern dynasties, a new style of hufu became popular. T
6.The difference between men's and women's clothes was distinct in the Sui and Tang dynasties. T
7.The clothing in the Song Dynasty was generally more conservative than in the Tang Dynasty. F
8.In the Qing Dynasty, clothing in China became more diverse with the introduction of foreign and ethnic elements. T

U3
1.Filling the stomach and bringing gastronomic pleasure are two important functions of eating
in traditional Chinese culture F
2.when a family holds a banquet,the seat of honor is reserved for the head of the house F
3.The main serving etiquette mentioned in paragraph 4 is about the position of the teapot and
the dishes T
4.According to traditional Chinese etiquette ,other diners cannot eat before the guest of honor
begins to eat T
5.Many ancient taboos regarding the use of chopsticks are still observed today T
6.There may be regional variations in dining etiquette in china T

U5
1.The early tea ceremony was a ritual to pay tribute to nature and to pray for peace. T
2.One basic requirement of the tea ceremony is a positive attitude.T
3.Good tea sets can guarantee the good taste of the tea.F
4.Atea pitcher is used to cool the tea before pouring it into snifter cups or teacups.F
5.The first brew is not intended for drinking.T
6.The tea ceremony usually ends with the guests complimenting the tea's quality.T



综英教材:
U3
1.Students at Kansai Women's University often visited me during my office hours. F
2.Most Westerners, including me, believed Japanese women to be less independent. T
3.After staying in Japan for several months, I grew increasingly confident about what a typical
Japanese woman was like. F
4.Mrs. Okano drew a map for her husband because he didn't know how to get to their new
house. T
5.According to Mrs. Okano, a typical Japanese woman can decide on almost every major family
purchase. T
6.After the conversation, Mrs. Okano realized American women were more independent than
Japanese women. F
U6
1.The author enjoys the attention she receives from staring Chinese. F
2.Although Chinese people who stare at foreigners mean no harm, their actions lead to
discrimination. T 
3.Chinese people stare at foreigners because they wish to be as white as the foreigners. F
4.The author arrives at the conclusion that curiosity is a good thing, and the staring will disappear once people lose interest. F
5.Due to all the staring from Chinese people, the author has yet to become used to life in China. T

U7
1.Chinese parents will become annoyed and worried if their children receive grades lower than
A+.  F
2.According to the author, Chinese parents deal with their children's low grades by punishing or shaming them. T
3.In comparison, Chinese parents care about their children as much as Western parents. T
4.The author insisted her daughter Lulu should practice until she could play the piano piece well, never doubting her daughter's ability. F
5.The author believes that hurting children's self-esteem is worse than letting them give up. F

